https://codepen.io/dmnqgrrtt/pen/MWYPOeB?editors=1010


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
		HTML used to give meaning to websites.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
		HTML is ised to create web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
		An attribute is a a word used to give a characteristic to an element and it is placed within an opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
		An h1 tag is used to create a heading. Generally it it used once at the beginning of the page.
		
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
		the 'a' tag requires the 'href' attribute to create a link.
		the 'img' tag requires the 'src' attributes to insert an image.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
		A heading.

    7. What is an id? 
		An id is a uniqure identifier for an elmement.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
		You can add an id to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
		Once.

    10. What is a class? 
		An attribute that can be used to assign one or more element to the same group.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
		All elements can be added to a class

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
		There is no limit to how many times the same class can be used.
 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
		Set the target to black with the 'a' tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
		It is used to display alternative text for an image if for some reason the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
		In css, you will need to type an '#' before the id name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
		Secfines is used to to defines sections whereas divs are used to group block elements

    17. What is CSS used for? 
		CSS is used to add style to a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
		Just type the name of the element in CSS.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
		A class can be used multiple times on the page, whereas an id is unique and should only be used once.

		You might use a class when you need to assign a group of players to 1 team.
		You ould use an id to assign the statistics for 1 specific player.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
		type a '.' before the name of the class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?	
		p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
		The parent child selector is when you need to select an element that is inside of another element. 
		This is useful when you want to select an element type in CSS with affecting the same elemet type on a different part of the page.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
		div.sidebar a 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
		A selector used for an element when it is in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
		Use the line-height property in CSS.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
		Use the letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
		text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
		div {
			border: 1px dotted black;
		}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
		use the '*' selector


    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
		Start eh comment with '/*', write out the comment and them end it with '*/'

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
		use the pwd command

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
		use the ls command

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
		use the rm command and you have to be careful because there is no prompt to comfirm removal and the file is permanently deleted from the computer forever.

    34. Why should I use version control? 	
		It's a good way to keep track to changes in code, also allows multiple people to work on the code simultaneously

    35. How often should I commit to github?
		Every 20 to 30 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
		git push origin followed by the name of the branch you are pushing to.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
		Fork the repository.
		Add the TL as a collaborator
		Clone the repo
		Create a branch for your name
		Make any necessary changes to the files cloned
		Add, Commit, and push files back up to github using your name as the branch
		On git hub, create a pull request
		Select your name for the base.
		Select you TL as a reviewer and finalize the request
		
		